com/tts/day3/diamond/Flyable.java
 com.tts.day3.diamond.Flyable
com/tts/day3/diamond/Horse.java
 com.tts.day3.diamond.Horse
com/tts/day3/Driveable.java
 com.tts.day3.Driveable
com/tts/day3/Abstractable.java
 com.tts.day3.Abstractable
com/tts/day3/Car.java
 com.tts.day3.Car
com/tts/day3/diamond/Speakable.java
 com.tts.day3.diamond.Speakable
com/tts/day3/MyClass.java
 com.tts.day3.MyClass
com/tts/day3/diamond/Bird.java
 com.tts.day3.diamond.Bird
com/tts/day3/Bike.java
 com.tts.day3.Bike
com/tts/day3/diamond/Pegasus.java
 com.tts.day3.diamond.Pegasus
com/tts/day3/Vehicle.java
 com.tts.day3.Vehicle
com/tts/day3/Main.java
 com.tts.day3.Main
 com.tts.day3.Main$1
com/tts/day3/abs/Jordan.java
 com.tts.day3.abs.Jordan
com/tts/day3/abs/Instrument.java
 com.tts.day3.abs.Instrument
com/tts/day3/composition/NetflixMovie.java
 com.tts.day3.composition.NetflixMovie
com/tts/day3/aggregation/Address.java
 com.tts.day3.aggregation.Address
com/tts/day3/enumeration/Day.java
 com.tts.day3.enumeration.Day
com/tts/day3/composition/NetflixMovieLibrary.java
 com.tts.day3.composition.NetflixMovieLibrary
com/tts/day3/enumeration/EnumTest.java
 com.tts.day3.enumeration.EnumTest
 com.tts.day3.enumeration.EnumTest$1
com/tts/day3/aggregation/Programmer.java
 com.tts.day3.aggregation.Programmer
com/tts/day3/abs/Shoe.java
 com.tts.day3.abs.Shoe
com/tts/day3/abs/Trumpet.java
 com.tts.day3.abs.Trumpet
com/tts/day3/abs/WingTips.java
 com.tts.day3.abs.WingTips
com/tts/day3/abs/Guitar.java
 com.tts.day3.abs.Guitar
com/tts/day3/dealership/LightTruck.java
 com.tts.day3.dealership.LightTruck
 com.tts.day3.dealership.LightTruck$TransferCase
